12/24/2022 :


read the instructions downloaded all the required appliations , had a little trouble , so used the command prompt. 
As of right now not very familiar wit javaScript so I will do research and learn the syntax and learn the express server. 

I watched a couple youtube videos giving the basics on javascript , so i have a little bit more knowledge when reading these codes
I also did a lot of research on what backend and frontend meant , I want to have complete knowedge on the basics before jumping into a complicated
assessment like this

Once I got a little understanding of the java script syntax , I noticed the hero.JS class and realized i needed to make a Quest.js.
I made quest with the attributes needed , name , description and hero id. I got this info from the readme. In class when we learned Java , 
we touched on the key word "this" ,,seeing it on this code, sparked something i have previosly learned. I am familiar with "this"

also i noticed there are a lot of mirroring going on with the heroes and quests


12/25/2022

watched a couple more videos and got familiar with javaScript , and backend development 

my experince with java helped me understand the DB class , especially with the get methods and , change , delete , and passing in the parameters
we did a lot of extending classes , polymorphism , inhertiance etc

after watching more videos I understood how to update the router for Quests , using some of the methods from the DB it was able to help me create 
the quest router. I was stuck here for a long time , but once I realized the assigmed tasks I knew what to do 

the tasks in the router class gave me trouble, i did my best to mirror the quest router as close as i can to heroes router

I spent a lot of time testing and running this program. Once I got a hold of the basics with postman ,  command prompt and the portal:3000 I started running it to see if it works. There was a lot of trial and error. I would "npm start" in the command , and it would give me the updated url portal:3000 , i would then use this link and paste it into postman , once i did that in the body part of postman I would create a new hero. It wasn't this easy however I had to watch a lot of video and stackoverflow for this , usually it would end up in an error and tell me where the error is . One time it was a capitalization error of "questDB" or "quest" other times it was an undefined statement. This constant back and forth of error and fixing allowed me to clean it up. Once I cleaned up the hero creating part , i did the same with creating a quest and assigning it to a hero. Postman would give me an ID, i copied that ID into a new postman link and pasted with the previous url. I had a lot of trouble with this , as the same and new error keeps occuring. 
